Keybinding image generator (#1631)
qtile/qtile: docs/manual/commands/keybindings.rst

=====================
Keybindings in images
=====================

Default configuration
=====================

.. don't delete LS_PNG and END_LS_PNG (it is used for `make genkeyimg`)
.. LS_PNG
.. image:: /_static/keybindings/mod4__.png
.. image:: /_static/keybindings/mod4-shift__.png

> .. image:: /_static/keybindings/mod4-control__.png

Reviewer: Why do the files end with __?

Author: ![__](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4191548/80481476-2be9e700-895b-11ea-8910-c5f2dcc576b5.png)
The name is made from modifiers, so if no modifiers - script should add something

Reviewer: Let's add something like

```
if not modifier:
    filename = "base.png"
else:
    filename = "{}.png".format(modifier)
```

:)

Author: refactored to `no_modifier.png` and `modifier + '.png'`

.. END_LS_PNG

> Generate own images
> ===================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate your own images
========================
```

> The Qtile repo includes a tiny helper script to generate keybindings images from
> config file. Script located in ``scripts/gen-keybinding-img``.
> 
> Script accepts config file or output directory. If nothing is given default
> config will be used and files should be placed in same directory where it has
> been run.

Reviewer: Quick proof-reading, might not be perfect:

```suggestion
Qtile provides a tiny helper script to generate keybindings images from a
config file. In the repository, the script is located under
``scripts/gen-keybinding-img``.

This script accepts a configuration file and an output directory. If no
argument is given, the default configuration will be used and files will be
placed in same directory than where the command has been run.
```

::

    usage: gen-keybinding-img [-h] [-c CONFIGFILE] [-o OUTPUT_DIR]

>     Qtile keybindings generator to nice files

Reviewer: "nice files"? :)

Author: -> Qtile keybindings image generator
